cloud: clarify usage of 4 vCPU for TiDB and TiKV (#21995)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md

> - The node count of TiDB can only be set to 1 or 2, and the node count of TiKV is fixed to 3.
> - 4 vCPU TiDB can only be used with 4 vCPU TiKV.
> - TiFlash is unavailable.
>

> > The **4 vCPU, 16 GiB** size of TiDB is designed for learning, testing, and trial use. It is suitable for pre-production or small, non-critical workloads. However, it is not recommended for full-scale production due to performance limitations. If you need lower costs and an SLA guarantee for production, consider using the [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential) cluster plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **4 vCPU, 16 GiB** size of TiDB is designed for learning, testing, and trial purposes. It is suitable for pre-production environments or small, non-critical workloads. However, it is **NOT** recommended for full-scale production due to performance limitations. If you need lower costs and an SLA guarantee for production, consider using the [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential) cluster plan.
```
